feat(service-worker): SwUpdate#activeUpdate and `SwUpdate#checkForUpdate` should have a meaningful outcome (#43535)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/deprecations.md

> {@a upgrade}
> 
> ### @angular/service-worker
> 
> | API                                                            | Replacement                                                                            | Deprecation announced    | Notes
> |:---                                                            |:---                                                                                    |:---                      |:---
> | [`SwUpdate.activated`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#activated)  | [`SwUpdate.activateUpdate` return value](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#activateUpdate)   | v13                      | [`SwUpdate.activateUpdate`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#activateUpdate)  return value indicates if an update was successfully activated |
> | [`SwUpdate.available`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#available)  | [`SwUpdate.versionUpdates`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#versionUpdates)                | v13                      | Behavior of [`SwUpdate.available`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#available) can be rebuild by filtering for the  [`VersionReadyEvent`](api/service-worker/VersionReadyEvent) |
> 
> {@a service-worker}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{@a service-worker}

### @angular/service-worker

| API                                                           | Replacement                                                                            | Deprecation announced    | Notes
|:---                                                           |:---                                                                                    |:---                      |:---
| [`SwUpdate#activated`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#activated) | [`SwUpdate#activateUpdate()` return value](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#activateUpdate) | v13                      | The return value of `SwUpdate#activateUpdate()` indicates whether an update was successfully activated. |
| [`SwUpdate#available`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#available) | [`SwUpdate#versionUpdates`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#versionUpdates)                | v13                      | The behavior of `SwUpdate#available` can be rebuilt by filtering for `VersionReadyEvent` events on [`SwUpdate#versionUpdates`](api/service-worker/SwUpdate#versionUpdates) |

{@a upgrade}

```
